This is the HOWTO file.
This file describes how to create an application using the framework.

Before we start creating files, let's understand the contents of it.

- Controllers
    Controllers are created by defining the dependency and default input, then
    implementing the validate and execute methods.
    The dependency is the list of objects in the library to be used.
    The default input are the possible request parameters and default values.
    The validate method validates the request with the help of validator.
    The execute method uses the api client and dependency for isolated actions.
    Controller files are stored under usr/app/controller/

- Views
    Views are created by defining the main templates, the sub templates, the
    css and js used and finaly the execute method.
    The main template is the first to be loaded and then it calls the hierarchy.
    The sub templates are part of the hierarchy of the main template.
    The css and js are the list of css files and js files used for this view.
    The execute method uses the api client to get data to compose the view.
    View files are stored under usr/app/view/
    
- Templates
    Templates are created by the HTML (and optional code).
    Templates are free to be created without any special format, they can
    add subtemplates to it and all variables set to the view are avilable
    within the template. Templates can use the helper (view_helper) to create
    easy way to re-use template blocks.
    Tamplate files are stored under usr/app/template

- Assets
    Assets can be added to the pub/ directory as css, js and images.

- Request Configuration
    The request configuration is composed by multiple entries one per controller.
    The entries are grouped by the ini sections.
    The request can only be accessed after adding it to the configuration file
    until then it will return 404.
    Request configuration is stored under etc/request.ini file and this location 
    can be changed in the etc/api.ini file.
